good morning to all the guys with it
staff of www.lexbook.it link to facebook
to the company in description and we are here
today finally with the players is view of the
timoria
let's start with maria toti a very good one
player with 94 over, but has not
nothing to see or pay even better
very few features in the
comparisons of robben messi and ronaldo one is
a player who despite his 94
god flight from the offensive midfielder
central still pays for its faults e
so in my opinion they still remain
those among the strongest of the game a
player who at 96 plus speed 6
compared to the version no longer informs 7
for the physical 78 and the defense 64 a
very good value 65 of drift more 8
91 passing and 88 shooting plus 9
compared to the version not in
form is a very good player I have
tried in so many roles all the
roles as a central midfielder
striker
and where I liked it in 4 3 3
that co.co.co he used as cerci e
in 4 2 2 2 as you are looking for in
so that you can run driblare e
above all take advantage of his skills
pass and cross because this
player in the official database of
export cross rate not even 99 in that
site is written 100 of cross is a
player who makes good crosses either
right or left of the passages
phenomenal both right and left
player who at 91 division one hundred of
cross 79 precision punishment 90 's
short passages 89 of long passages a
player who in any role you use a
my opinion should be used to play for i
comrades must not be the companions a
play for him because he is in
able to do everything that is can
help you all the team in
tranquility excellent speed
excellent acceleration
I think it's still a lot more agile
compared to him however this is
another thing is a player though
when he arrives in front of the doorman in mine
opinion suffers a lot that 84 of
finalization I do not say it is a
low value I'm not saying he doesn't score a goal
but if the others make the other 9 goals
of his race that is I speak of robben
resigned of Rome
aldo if the others make nine goals on
ten is not done on ten of throws is a
player who misses the goals and then the
finalization 84 omitted among the cons
because if you have to compare it to i
other aliens
let's say it's still a nice step
below especially with regards to
this then another thing that is not me
only liked the two foot weak stars
why then skip the whole team but
if you get to pull right discs
seriously that pulling to cross
he is the TV in the side out is me
happened twice ie I pulled then
find at least the maximum I take the
first post as I arrived from the right
and he really threw it out of favor
a player who then the two stars
weaker with regards to shooting and
the finalization really makes it
much weaker in this respect
compared to the others to the link of the game is
a player that for this reason I tell you not
spend 4 million rather take me
put and ronaldo if you have i
credits to take him as well as
all the monsters in the game then use it
but used by in the middle of the field or
not used to 4 1 2 1 2 as a cyclist
in short, as an outsider who can go
at the bottom I can all jump
pull left or at any rate I can a
cross a player who can play
for others I will repeat it endlessly
this in my opinion a player who
must play for others a good one
department mate in attack though
many times you don't see why because
this word trade aldo high another
small flaw with regards to this
kind of roles so that he isn't
always where it must be so if you
take it, spend 4 million to play
only with di maria
it can happen easily that you
you find you put the midfielder today and there
on duty instead of Maria and Maria
Larger or midfield is a player
who sacrifices a lot for others e
who, if used in midfield, recovers
many balloons
in yesterday's video I said look
look what a strong defender he saw
today the statistics I realized
that good or bad there was also a response
on the card 81 of interceptions 71 of
contrasts is a player with his
speed can safely a
recover the player who is running
even if you use it as an exterior and then
maybe even steal the ball if a
half in midfield may be that face
a nice cut to intercept the
balloon then defensive phase also
pretty good as far as the
Shooting super pollicioni power by up to
98 of power throw pull of left the
goalkeeper almost never blocks it
he makes a goal out of four though anyway
you get in the door can be
quietly you make goals with
then the rebounds after the comes
ball your attacker and away a
player who boasted of
enhanced the 88 good value launcher 86
di tira on flight 81 of penalty 84
finalization 91 of very good effect
shooting left and above
as for the passage to
very good value then obviously there is the
speed we said the player
very fast 96 and accelerations on 96 of
98 speed of agility repeats
still in my opinion it is much more agile
put the 94 check equal to 96
4 star dribbling and skill is a
player who can dribble all the
team in one stroke very fast it is
really able to throw ball
long and run run to go on
bottom but for the umpteenth time I tell you
use it as an assistant and not as
assisted is a player who must
play for others do not have to be
the others to play with him at least in mine
opinion or at least for as the game if I
have you tried tell me what you think
tell me if you agree with me and
above all remember that its strength
physics is not good at all because
especially when it starts in speed it can
it happens that the defender takes you back and
The physical strength really pays them
and tell me what you think of the review though
you enjoyed putting on a lay person